[Music]
i'm rolling in the pleasantries yeah me
too's pleasantries parts
good day to you all how how is everyone
feeling today i couldn't be better i
learned last night that macho man had a
rap album in 2003 and so i listened to
all of it it's it's better than you'd
expect it to be but not good obviously
but there is a
child like joy to all of it how does it
compare to stevo does stevo have an
album oh yeah yeah it's some rap i have
not heard i will okay i will listen i'll
listen to steven is it a full album or
is he just like wrapped on a few songs
how does it compare to sell the stock
brokers rap album oh
man
john gotti
[Laughter]
one of the uh the songs well first of
all can you come back to an industry
you're never part of because the opening
track is called i'm back and the whole
hook is that macho man's back but he
never rapped before yeah and i get he's
saying like i'm back in the public eye
but i don't think you could declare your
back to a thing that is your first
appearance of when would you say he left
first left the public eye like when did
his popularity first wane 2 000
2001.
i would say 2000 because that was the
folding hi welcome to the wrestling part
of the show this uh wcw folded in 2000
and when wcw got bought by wwf
that contract that macho man might have
maybe had
within wcw
he didn't go but he did make one more
appearance in 2004 but that was it like
he was done with wrestling in 2000
so he had so he was back after a
three-year hiatus then that's a pretty
that's a pretty decent hiatus i think
that also came in 2003 was his
spider-man cameo
yeah this is the hook of the opening
track people want to know if matcha's
still in the ring and my head always go
he isn't as soon as that finishes then
it goes people want to know if randy's
doing his thing he's not is immediately
what falls in my head then everybody's
talking wanna know this and that so i'm
telling you right now randy savage is
back which always leaves me wondering is
he like he's here but i don't as i said
i don't think you can come back to a
thing that you've never done before but
more importantly macho man means a thing
and i'll just go through it because i i
love it i love it
so i think it's beautifully stupid
the m's because i push it to the maximum
and the a's for the aura that they try
to become the c's for the champ six
times i became and the h is for honor
i'm in the hall of fame the o's for oh
yeah cause i'm so outstanding the m's
for macho i'm the last man stan i love
he has two m's and one of them means
something and the other m just means
macho which is the first part of his
well i don't think he could have said
the the m in macho is macho
he had to put it on the other end
didn't you also just say that the c is
for six championship i guess okay yeah
yes
it is
six times makes the c champion but the
next letter in macho is h so he could
have just had the ch b champion
right but what was the h
i then lump them together no no i
understand but then we would lose what
the h was for honor right because he's
in the hall of fame wow i can't believe
you remember also crazy that he came up
with uh that nickname before he'd won
the six championships but that's what it
meant
he looked at his name later and thought
that's convenient i just i just think
i'm just i don't i mean i don't want to
talk [__] on macho man randy savage who
uh
delighted and entertained my entire
childhood but i think there might be
some retrofitting going on there
i would agree with that it's interesting
it was a
i didn't know it existed it's 46 minutes
long
there's a love song in it a love wrap
which is great there's a very heartfelt
like remembering his friend
uh
song to close the album
it's a weird fun listen it's very
bizarre but that is just that's been my
my music for like the past 12 hours just
on loop does he talk about miss
elizabeth in it at all i don't think he
does but i wondered if the love song
applied to missiles
the love song was about mr perfect no
yeah
no that's the in memory song there's two
different songs there's one that is like
in dedication to his best friend mr
perfect he calls him i think it's called
my perfect friend and there's one prior
that is just a macho man love song
called what's that all about the chorus
to the song is first you love me then
you hate me wanna leave me pretty lady
can you tell me what's that all about
do you think
do you think he wrote all this
no absolutely not i forget who uh
there's one person that was credited for
most of these songs and it was not him
are there any famous guest spots does
like does like 50 cent drop a bar or uh
uh i wish there are a few features on it
of names i don't recognize but they're
people that have clearly wrapped for a
lot longer than he has and when you're
only listening to him rap you kind of
forget what what like the the level of
skill difference is between somebody
that actually does this and it makes
those songs glaring how not great at it
he is despite
despite his attempt you could tell he
tried real hard it makes me wonder about
him right because i he's been famous and
a part of uh popular culture almost my
entire life you know uh growing up in
the early 80s
uh and so i i've seen him around in a
million things throughout my life i've
never seen him out of character i always
wonder with a guy like that
like where does
randy savage begin or where does you
know what i mean and macho man
end like is there like how different is
he at home on right now
in his living room watching cnn
or qvc
than the character he personifies i was
going to say the main difference is he
doesn't hate hulk hogan but no he does
he hates hulk there's a diss track aimed
at hulk hogan in the album back he's not
wrestling he just hates hulk hogan and
wants him to know that i think everybody
who worked with hulk hogan seems to hate
him it seems that way yeah he seems to
be terrible which is unfortunate as
someone who loved him as a child he
sucks
maybe he's terrible maybe it's jealousy
who knows no i think he's terrible
definitely he just sucks
okay i
don't know the man personally but uh i
don't either but everything i know about
him he sucks
strong words from andrew panton looking
to fight hulk hogan
all right the director of the tuxedo mad
at me i'm willing to take on hulk hogan
why stop now
sorry uh pleasantries are over guys oh
they're done
it's you know what because we had it's
funny you mentioned pleasantries
we recorded two episodes last week and i
almost died of laughter and one over a
thing that i don't think is necessarily
all that funny but it was funny in my
head it was i love that you don't even
remember
that was it we were we're i was talking
about the tiki mugs and it was a thing
that i genuinely think is awesome and
really liked and i felt like i was just
drowning trying to talk about them
genuinely and i just was like the worst
i just couldn't get out of my own head
that i was just [__] bombing and
tanking it just sounded terrible and you
went oh
when i brought up that it was the
inversion oh yeah i said oh wrong
and it broke me and it's to the point
where as soon as we finish recording i
went back and i went to your audio
specifically to find the
because you curve through my audio
and so i went back into your audio and i
was like wow this is he's real quiet
here at the start because you you've
started and you go testing test test
test test and then it's just silence for
like an extended time i was curious what
how much time you've spent what's the
longest you've spent
doing your test and then just waiting
for the clock to run
do you have a longest one is there one
where you're like seven minutes
early and you're like oh boy
uh probably like six minutes maybe yeah
six minutes is that the character
sometimes i just get rolling and then
i'll like go and do something like i'll
make a coffee or like maybe go pee
and then just at three i'll join the
discord but yeah i've already been
rolling for a few minutes sometimes
that's funny but that's my that was my
little secret and nick's
i love that the only difference between
him and us
is we're all we click on discord and
then communicate with each other he's
recording just like we are he he's in
the discord looking at it he just
refuses to join us until exactly until
he's contractually obligated to but not
today i joined for some pleasantries how
are your pleasantries gav did you enjoy
i'll be honest they sounded pretty
pretty similar to this
completely honest
i was unaware of where the pleasantries
were different to an episode or just any
normal chair or any time we've played
halo it was i i think andrew's full of
[__] no i to be fair this is the
pleasant nobody's ever all here for
pleasantries this is a rare time where
everyone showed up 10 minutes early it's
typically
nick and i will be the first ones to hop
in
right so i ruined pleasantries by
completing the entire cast and crew yeah
you did
and it's not your fault it's just uh i'm
if anything if anyone's upset by this
it's me i wish you got to experience the
real pleasantries experience but i will
no longer hold it against you you tried
i tried definitely made an attempt i get
i respect it i will say gav in in to
kind of bolster where you're going with
that uh as someone who participates in
pleasantries pretty often
uh as soon as i joined andrew was
reading rap lyrics and he was doing a
bit about macho man randy savage it felt
very content-y to me i even asked him i
was like hey is this content should we
stop or is this pleasantries
uh i don't know if any of that i don't
know i mean i assume that pleasantries
won't make it in the end as andrew said
pleasantries aren't for recording so
they won't be in no i feel like most of
that would go in what
well then why were you producing the
show 10 minutes early if you think it's
content well you're the one that
initiated it you're like should we go
and then everyone started recording
because you're like this this content i
was just talking about a thing i didn't
expect it to be content but i think it
became content because you brought it up
as content i don't know i think you
presented it as content i said most of
it i didn't say all of it i think some
of it is in
we'll find out i guess i won't i don't
listen to it i'll never know yeah i i
guess the three of us will never [__]
know it's up to nick while you were um
rifling through my raw audio uh did you
find the o you were looking for i did
find the o i was looking for i was um
what you remembered what was i just
saying i asked as soon as we finished i
asked nick to clip it and kelly clipped
oh that's great it was great the oh
and it was the next thing you said after
that's what really killed me was i was i
was really i was teetering on the edge
with your oh because i felt it sounded
so disingenuous
and then you you jeff was talking you
said
uh oh no and that's that came across as
equally disingenuous to me
i just wouldn't bother saying anything
if it felt disingenuous like i feel like
i wouldn't just say something for the
sake of it i must have just been
slightly low energy but i don't know why
i would have done it deliberately
disingenuously i think i'm putting my
own [__] on you where it's sometimes
when you're talking to someone and
you're not listening you'll make a sound
that you think goes with what they're
saying so it seems like you're still
there but you're really not but you're
just you're just throwing a word out
there that's what both of your reactions
sounded like in my head at that time so
i'm gonna play i don't know if it'll go
through we'll see on the discord audio
if it will work
here we go
if it will play oh
oh no
i'll do it one more time
[Laughter]
oh no
okay in fairness if i was like uh you
know they'd be terrible takes if i was
voice acting someone would probably say
do them again so in reality yeah i'm
just i don't think i think that's real i
agree i completely agree do you want a
redemption do you want a redemption
[Laughter]
hey
nick can we get that to broadcast so
they can be added to the facebreak [__]
sound board i would like both of those
in there please
[Laughter]
you've just deemed them unenthusiastic
by the way dude that oh man you just did
ver came across as very genuine i think
both both of them were genuine i would
say i think the oh in my head it was all
completely in my head because i thought
i was failing i didn't even know what
you were laughing at at the beginning
at the time
yeah no it wasn't even all that funny it
was just i was in my own head and it
just made me laugh because it seemed so
disingenuous but did you clip out your
laugh can we listen to that uh how i
didn't wait one second i'm getting a
phone call right now let me see if i can
uh can i swap will not it won't let me
stop so i switched i made that
the noise for all the alerts on my phone
so whenever whenever i get a text or an
email or a call i get the oh
oh no
oh and it just loops
and it has been
very funny
i would say gavin that you're oh you're
here
i would say that though that oh and that
oh no we're exactly and i'm not i'm not
weighing in judgment either way i'm just
saying they were as exactly as
legitimate as your overkill achievement
all right
so it's real then it was very legitimate
if you believe in the overkill
achievement then you probably believe in
the oh oh no there you go i believe in
both
um
[Laughter]
it's j it's great i love i would reckon
maybe i'll i don't know put the file out
if people want to do what i did it's
amazing when things change like if i get
a twitter alert and then an email comes
through it'll just go oh
oh
it's fantastic i'm having a great time
it spooked me like three different times
i'll be doing something then out of
nowhere i'll just hear gavin go oh
oh no
i'd highly recommend
speaking of halo
though for a minute
i had i had a bit ruined jeff i had
something stomped on oh it was very sad
last time you know the last time we
recorded we it came out that gavin has
been [__] with me with this whole
screenshot game that he's oh yeah yeah
yeah i didn't know it i finally figured
it out
oh we haven't done an intro eric is
saying oh yeah uh hey check it out face
episode 80 some not what is it
absolutely
funny here season four or something
let's go anyway you were saying so
saying
[Music]
that i see that eric at three by the way
but also he's written no intro down here
but at the top he wrote no intro and
then a minute later writes someone do an
intro
so i learned
i learned that gavin had been [__]
with me with the screenshot thing but
what gavin didn't know is that there's
an achievement in halo infinite to
revive
three players in a game type that hasn't
been in halo until this event that just
came out uh and it's it's it's been
impossible the achievement you couldn't
get it until this event and i got a text
from gavin saying hey did you get the
achievement and i didn't because you
can't it's a different game type it's
you can revive people in the game type
but it's called
what is it like attrition instead of
elimination because attrition at the at
the end of each round of attrition it
basically ends through elimination
there's a set amount of lives and then
you eliminate the final
spawns until everyone's dead so it even
says elimination on the screen yes so i
assumed
revive and you can revive so i assumed
three revivals
in a round would be i also i assumed
that when i played and i couldn't figure
out why it didn't unlock when i did it
and i played several games that were
very intense trying to get this
achievement and i i thought i met the
criteria to unlock it and then i read
online oh it's the wrong game type it's
attrition not elimination it's a weird
technicality thing so then when gavin
texted me if you got the achievement yet
i immediately replied yes and i thought
i don't know
i don't know what the end result of this
will be but i could just [__] with him
about this and i'm hoping in my head
that he's gonna be in all these like
tense games where he just needs one more
revive and he doesn't quite get it so
he's annoyed by it it just made me laugh
i was i did i had so many games where i
got two and i kept me like oh it's not
class
so we were we're playing and it's a lie
that i never considered reaching beyond
gavin and so it was gavin dan and uh
bernie joined uh and he immediately
asked if anyone here had the achievement
and in my head i panicked because i was
like i don't i need to lie about this so
i just said yeah i got it and then i
thought oh i can like message later or
something and explain because if he then
doesn't get it
and then real like i then just look like
a really weird liar for no reason so i
need to explain that this is a bit that
i'm doing so i was like yeah i i got it
he's like wow that's impressive and we
played for a little bit more and then
and then he left and we were playing and
like 10 minutes after he left he
rejoined the party and it was like
somebody kicked the door down he
rejoined and immediately said panton you
said you got that achievement
i was so caught off guard and i didn't
know what to say so i was like yes i did
say it but no yes but no but yes but no
but yes
and then he just did a game and he got
three revives he had just done the
criterion it didn't pop for him so he
was pissed and he was like did it [__]
me over type thing and then he didn't
know how to interpret my response so
then it just came out that i had been
lying to gavin about this for at least a
week you should have just [__] texted
him immediately and said dude ixnay on
the achievement a i i i would have but i
was so panicked the way he came into the
party jet it was like he kicked the door
i know i know that bernie i know exactly
i was not prepared
for that to play out the good news is is
that there's one other lie that i've
told gavin about halo that he thinks is
true and he doesn't know what it is for
a king jeff to me he's bloody driver's
license to be here
and i can't figure it i'm trying to now
remember all the things he's told me
about halo
is it a good one andrew like is it uh i
remember telling him that it was
i remember telling him that him replying
that's interesting
so i think
i think it is
it was over text and i said that's
interesting
i'm not going to give you any clues as
soon as
it was sing
search or
oh we say interesting to each other a
lot
[Laughter]
it was funny though when you had to come
clean in front of birdie because
he was like wait what and i was like
wait what and and you just were flocked
and dan was like i don't know what's
going on
it was very it was a strangely heated
intense moment that came out of left
field but i was disappointed that that
bit has died but
i still got one in the fire it's got one
nailer thing that you just don't know
what it is if you ever guess it i'll let
you know but i'm not going to tell you
you said interesting too i went bowling
the day before
that was that was when i was doing my
investigation on your
thing i asked what you did on the on
that day and you're like i can't say on
that day but i went bowling the day
before so that was a joke interesting
like that actually meant something i
sent you my uh overkill achievement i
said it might be the worst quality video
on youtube i must have been 20 when i
made this you said interesting i said
what do you think you said i'm holding
my opinion till thursday i said
interesting that was too interesting is
across four messages i'm never gonna
find this
if we did a coin flip where we one of us
had to remove the word interesting i
just don't think we'd have text
conversations anymore by the same maybe
we just need to be more honest about
what is and isn't interesting
or increase the bar of what is because i
i feel as though that was a joke
interesting but i don't i don't feel
like i've ever lied about it interesting
and interesting isn't a lie word for me
uh what about incredible
uh incredible
might be a lie a great lie where gavin
called me out on this great question is
a great lie word for me
great question is like that's what i say
when i need time to like figure out it's
like a slightly longer it's like i'm
gonna respond without responding give me
a second to come up with a thought for
answering your question
okay that's mine i know do you have one
everything i've ever said to you is a
lie
i have such a loose relationship with
the truth it's yeah it's the truth is
whatever the truth is whatever is the
funniest in the moment in whatever
content i'm making
yeah i could account for that
embellishments
yeah
yeah that's gonna really piss me off
probably for the rest of uh
i'm not are you ever gonna tell me
though
no i i if you guess it i will let you
know but i don't think i'll ever tell
you
let's just let's just say this andrew
i've been stormid
if if my relationship with the truth
like
it's i if i were macho man randy savage
i would be sitting on my sofa right now
watching qvc going oh yeah
cubic zirconium i would be full like i
there's no i can't take the hat off so
[Laughter]
i just like imagining you watching qvc
just generally speaking dude i [__] i
like to watch the knife the dudes that
sell knives at like three in the morning
do they sell what what what is their
angle what is it how does this is like a
[__] country dudes it's just there's
like a there's two there's like a
million different qvc type things but i
always see the one like when i'm in
hotels and [__] where they like there's
like a lucite lazy susan type thing in
the middle and it just spins with like a
different buck hunter knife on it and
then it'll be like a different kind of
knife and they'll just talk about how
great the knife is i like i could watch
that forever
my favorite one i like whenever they do
tech stuff
i don't remember what exactly the
specifics of it they tried to sell
xboxes on qvc and then like trying to
explain why an xbox one was great was
fantastic i would there should be like
just a channel do they post all those
online
that's like
[__]
like they should do that i guess it's
not in their best interest but i've been
watching more of that kind of content
for the last few months uh just for like
osmosis purposes you know we're gonna
launch so uh
at some point when gavin's available
we're gonna we're gonna film this uh
we're gonna film that show i don't know
if we talked
it's called does it do but anyway we're
gonna film that show uh where we like
test out infomercial products
and so i've been i'm trying to you know
i'm trying to i'm trying to steep myself
in that world so i have those kinds of
shows on a lot these days research yeah
i immediately tried to do the same thing
we're just watching paid programming but
unfortunately almost everything i get is
this one guy
who i it tries to sell
it's like the bible of business advice
like he uses the background like it's a
church setup but it's just like this is
a book
on how to be successful in business
and it sucks it's a terrible like one
hour long maybe 30 minutes i don't know
but anyway terrible i don't have fun
ones i wish i had knife guys i'd love to
watch somebody try to sell me on a knife
because i feel like it's an easy sell
you're not really looking for too many
things out of a knife i uh yeah it's
like does it stab good
uh i uh i'll send you some i'll send you
some knife content please too i'd love
some good knife content absolutely
why are why aren't knives better
what do you mean by that like isn't
there a metal we can make knives out of
well it doesn't go blunt over time like
should a chicken really blunt my knife
if i if i cut 100 chickens up
i don't um
there are like japanese knives those are
really high quality but even those go
dull still gotta be sharper still have
to be sharpened
japanese knives are cool um but a knife
that never dulls
yeah what's the most resilient metal
what
what is the most like google
i don't know the most resilient
has to feel good though as well i can't
i would rather take a knife that dulls
but feels good to use than chromium
chromium
chromium knife
do they sell this
yeah
chromium knife blades oh they you can
buy a hammacker slam schlamacker
for
154.95 the forever sharp french chef's
knife kitchen knife dude we can get some
chromium not whoo we should i got a
chromium chisel have you had to sharpen
it uh no i only used it a week ago to
put in a new
electric door handle
what a great throwback
that was a great great call back buddy
i get to take notes on that
as somebody who uh who killed it with a
call back recently of the bread clip i'm
gonna take notes on on great callback
execution that was perfect but you just
totally nailed you rolled with it it was
amazing
i don't know why i've said it because it
doesn't make sense i feel like you
i think you may have said the batteries
ex i think you may have used the word
expired which then made me think of of
food expiring which then made me think
of the purpose of a bread clip well that
is funny did you did i say it like 90
seconds earlier though because it seemed
to come out of nowhere no i wish there
was there was something recently that on
the podcast where i thought i had a
really funny line and i didn't say it
and there's nothing funnier on a podcast
than talking about something funny you
could have said but didn't this is great
i'm doing great content right now
let me enthrall you with is that the
right word that was the right word right
yeah you nailed it i nailed it yeah that
was good it's a good moment by me i have
i have moments where i uh
listening back to the podcast i can see
areas where i was about to tell a joke
and i just don't but sometimes like
because i you can hear me go like and i
i'm when i'm listening to it i'm like oh
i know i was going to say that that um
you know that could have been funny but
i didn't say it but there are some times
where i just leave
the setups in and then don't and then i
that i give up on it and don't deliver
the punchline
but there was a bit where jeff was
talking about his bikes and his
exploding batteries uh-huh he was
talking about
the spokes and i was and i said
something like oh were they custom and
what i was gonna say was you could say
it was bespoke but i i just left in the
is it a custom thing and i never did the
punchline
because i just thought better of it
and you would never know what i was
about to say has has there ever been a
one where you tried to guide the car
back to the ramp on a future episode did
you ever have you ever tried to take us
back because you thought a line was so
good
that you needed to get
you got to run this back have you done
that
i haven't done that i have more
like uh i'll have an idea of something
to talk about and then it just never
comes up and then i question should i
still talk about it because i i think
it's funny but it doesn't make sense
it's been so long since the main thing
like devry so oh boy
we're going to a lot of places here so
on the rt podcast at one point it was
brought up recently it'd be funny to
because we have a
uh on the next episode of jack does at
the end of these where he guesses what
will happen and it was joked about that
what if we did a previously on at the
start of the episode
and so i thought that's a funny idea
what if like i could get some weird
person to do the previously on
that no one would be able to know like
it would become a mystery of who is the
previously on because i loved lost and
that was like a weird thing for a while
with loss where people are like who the
[__] is the previously unlost voice and
they kind of like kept it a mystery so
it's like hmm what would be a funny
nobody would be able to guess who is
this voice and so i reached out to the
guy that wrote that variety article
[Laughter]
i was like hey
did i ask you something and i didn't
know how to approach it and uh we talked
very nice todd's great todd's a great
guy he politely declined in doing the
previously on which is why i'm bringing
it up now but that is something all in
the last two we recorded was constantly
in my head of like i want to talk about
the fact that i talked to the guy that
wrote that variety article and that
never got to happen did he explain
himself yeah explain himself uh no i
didn't ask that i didn't ask why we
weren't included i just i brought up ah
that's all
what's the point no i don't really care
why i don't think [__] variety
includes us or not it doesn't matter in
any way to me that aspect of it i just
what was funny to me about the variety
thing as i said was the fact that they
you would assume they would have to at
least consider it there would be some
form that's what would be good to know
like was that's what we wanted the list
was it someone in our company who didn't
give it to him or was it he had it and
didn't want to include it i don't care
about that information but
you do care you talked about how funny
it was how you loved the idea that at
some point he had to sit down and make a
decision what to include and what not to
and what would be
safe for variety or not and
and you had the man who had to make
those decisions on the hook and you
didn't ask him about those decisions
that was the whole point of all of this
you don't make
any sense no
i i straight instagram you talk to
anyone else i'm disappointed no here's
let me explain myself if i get an answer
to that question it might no longer be
funny anymore if i just assume what
happened it's funny if i continue to
live in the world in which my assumption
is correct it's funny to me
and there's no risk of that changing i
don't really care that we weren't
mentioned in the variety thing i don't
give a [__] about what variety thinks of
this podcast
doesn't matter to me what's funny to me
is that proper like established
businesses
that don't have that tone at all have to
at least look at the name theoretically
and then decide if they want to include
it i don't asking i don't need
confirmation for that that's just i'm
deciding that's how that goes i didn't
care about that i just thought it'd be
really because nobody would [__]
guess was the variety guy doing the
previously on that would have been a
great game
of course they wouldn't would have been
a fantastic yet so now i'm i'm trying to
think of somebody kind of tied to the
show that is
jackie chad i don't think i should get
jackson
i don't think kevin donovan would vouch
for me unfortunately at this time so i
don't
that'd be a tough one dusty baker
i thought about
trying to get somebody in the zimmer
family but then i thought i don't know
how they'd feel about the boys the
zimmer shirts and all that i don't know
necessarily if they'd love them yeah i'd
hoped they would but i just don't know
yeah and a lot of us laughing at that
dead relative getting shoved into the
ground head first
that's i kind of forgot about that that
was like
yeah maybe not the greatest idea it was
interesting i was reading about i don't
know if you know about this jeff i
didn't know a lot about don zimmer's
time with the texans which is when he
was on that that was when he ate the
fried chicken yeah the 1982 guys i was
reading about it i don't are you
familiar with what happened to him when
he was on that team
no
he was fired on a he was fired on like
monday and asked to manage the team
through to thursday
but they they fired him on monday and
they had him they had him like
manage a game beyond being told that he
was gonna get fired at the end of the
week something happened that nobody
knows what like five days prior to him
getting fired the owner said i think
zimmer's doing a great job and then he
had an all-day meeting and from what i
can tell the owners never said zimmer
never said what happened but something
happened and he fired him immediately
after they had some disagreement that
has never become public and so he fired
him on a monday but he had to manage on
wednesday and they had a press
conference post all this coming out and
somebody asked during is one i wish
there was audio or video of this at such
a contentious press conference where
it's the owner and zimmer and somebody
asked the owner
can don zimmer have a job in a different
part of the texans organization and the
owner said absolutely don zimmer is this
beloved man in baseball he's great
fantastic he can have any job in this
building that he wants to which don
zimmer then replies what i want is to
manage the team on friday when they play
against the yankees that's what i would
like
and the owner looks at him and then says
to the media don is going to be playing
golf on friday instead it's been a very
stressful time but you know i think we
all think it's in his best interest that
you just relax and play some golf to
which then dom doubles down and says no
i don't want to play golf
i want to manage the team on friday
against the yankees but it appears i'll
be playing golf it's great i just love
that they had this insane press
conference where he's arguing with the
owner what was going on then i don't
know it was a wild time they seemed like
a dumpster of a franchise at that time
um but it was wow getting into some don
zimmer signing out
oh gavin just posted a screenshot
interesting
all the interesting
nick said we should ask pedro martinez i
think that's a great idea he's he is out
and available he's doing mlb commentary
he's uh he's used to recording i bet
he'd be he'd be
super uh willing and available to do who
do you think is more likely pedro
martinez or coolio
uh
well we've been
more pro pedro martinez than we have
been coolio i feel like we earlier
signaled that we were not but we sing
that we were coming for him we're coming
to
that's true i forgot about that
if coolio did the previously on he could
end this previously on and just say here
it goes
um that's true
is that a coolio song it's just the end
of the what's the beginning of keenan
and cow in it oh here it goes
oh
for a thing that we've talked about like
eight times i have no concept i have no
memory of any of the coolio rap lines
outside of abbott and costello were
mentioned
and
that might be it i think that's all i
remember about the abbot the the coolio
rap i mean it was it was a kell quote
wasn't it from the show nobody watched
it i don't know why i'm asking
i watched it i think i've seen every
single episode of keaton and kale
multiple times i bet i bet you could get
i bet we could get kell i met him once
he's really really nice and seems you
met both of them
i guess i did not the same time though
years apart but i did meet kel first and
he seemed lovely i was so baffled that
that was a question gavin that i didn't
register it as a question i thought you
were like talking uh when you asked
about keenan and kell like it was such
an absurd idea to me that you would ask
either of us after the history of of the
rap
what did i ask didn't you
no we're not doing this again didn't you
just phrase a question you said isn't it
a keenan and kel thing we're talking
about keenan and cal and you you brought
up isn't it a line for the show
and then you said that's a perfect
example of the moment had gone past i
shouldn't have returned to it because
you were not you had left the building
well it was too far it was too far
enough for me to remember what question
you were talking about and then when i
said what question you didn't have well
because i don't keenan and kell does not
stick in my brain so i was struggling
let's try to like recreate the backdrop
of the scenario of where it was asked
the longer we talk about it the better
it gets
[Laughter]
nick can you clip that moment and then
we can submit that to webster's uh
or numerium for their audio dictionary
to describe that there's the perfect
dictionary uh example of what that
moment is
what moment is
exactly
thanks nick
i learned something else that kind of
blew my mind i feel like most people
will probably realize this i [__] up
in kind of a not interesting way i
thought that david hasselhoff was a part
of blue swede that's what i thought
i hooked on a feeling banned yeah i
thought hooked on a feeling was the
david hasselhoff song
and he sung well because i think he
covered it
and it like crossed in my brain that he
was just the singer of the blue suite
version so i just assumed
he was in blue sweden and so to learn
that he doesn't he's not and that he has
an extensive cover career was was fun
but i've lived i don't know my whole
life thinking that david hasselhoff
whatever i'd hear hooked on a feeling i
always assumed it was david hasselhoff
well it's because he performed it so
well he he he he owned that performance
so i don't think i've heard the
hasselhoff have you not seen the video
you must have a great video oh we're
putting the video in right now i know
this is an audio podcast i pulled it we
will describe what is happening that is
what i went on a whole binge of
hasselhoff's music videos after this one
of the greatest videos of all time
it feels very much like
hasselhoff got a green screen and was
really excited about it all right i'm
like get loaded up just immediate you're
immediately hooked you're hooked on a
feeling immediately
are you dealing with you got the dancing
bear
you got this dog it was he like a yeti
flying over the clouds what's happening
here is it like an inuit suit snowball
or something right yeah
i like that it's not even like the
background footage isn't even the same
aspect ratio it's like
he's standing in a bunch of crushed
people
i know
either david hasselhoff is a comedic
genius or it's one of the greatest
accidents of all time it's the way that
the video builds off of itself it's a
very popular video i'm surprised you
haven't seen it i was like yeah i've
missed that it's uh what is this the him
dressed up in safari dancing oh billy
yeah they must have known this was funny
i don't know they sing i can't tell them
sooner
yeah they know what they're doing with
this i feel like they do but it's it's
great but it's possible they don't
i mean i feel like they do maybe he
doesn't that's yeah that's kind of
kind of a macho man situation
[Laughter]
what about you guys how have you been
wait we're back to pleasantries no i
just yeah i feel like i'm talking a lot
i've learned about hasselhoff and matcha
man i wanted to talk to you about how
serious you are about
this uh donkey kong
challenge oh okay i'm very serious about
it when does everybody brought it up
that's a great question because i walked
away from that going i don't know if i
ever set a date what about
when this comes you said it needed to
start on a saturday after a recording
okay or after when it comes out this
will come out on a wednesday this
saturday i will start the thing and
that's when the 48 hours o'clock or what
happens is 40 hours what was the time we
adjusted the time 44 hours i think 44
hours i have to ask a question before we
get any further of course you started
this response by saying great question
so am i not am i not to believe you now
no because everything that now has said
post a great question is a lie that
you've come up with on the moment no
it's it's a problem where it's also just
kind of my go-to response i think that
was a genuine great question
i didn't need time for that one that was
a genuine great question i unders i see
what you're saying it is a dilemma it's
a real problem i'm gonna work it out but
that was a great question
at facepod on twitch
i think what what day though saturn what
day is when does this come out what day
is the number the numerical date this
will be on february 16th february worked
this out last time figure out when maybe
this week's one will come out maybe this
happened it's now happening well you did
this you did this to us it's your fault
if it has february 19th
will be the start time 12 a.m
44 hours i don't wait that long well
we've recorded a few for you this is
your fault that you have to wait that
long we're ahead because of you
this is you
you did this i'm glad you brought that
up though cause i i had been thinking
that i i felt like i don't know what i'm
supposed to start this
but it would feel weird for me to bring
it up so we're set are you get you're
good with the 64 pieces of clothing i'm
gonna be honest i didn't know joey had a
bit and friends were that it was that
so i thought that was exactly 64 was it
exactly 64 pieces there's no way it was
exactly it was just he's wearing a lot
of clothes for some reason
people have worn a lot of clothes
throughout the since the beginning of
time
since the beginning of time
nick wrote something very funny in the
chat
if you watch friends
i
i didn't i still thought it was funny i
haven't seen it i still think why didn't
you just read the line why didn't you
say that nick said something funny why
didn't you just say what he said why are
we dissecting every bit
well this was weird cause that means
nothing now people don't know what nick
said
there's a weird way to handle that
situation
nic why did nick why does nick deliver
it in in the style of said character oh
i like this
nick i'm gonna need that clipped too
that's gonna go for the sound board as
well nick unmuted inside yeah definitely
uh could he be wearing any more clothes
that was good that was great man that
was really good that was really good
nick really good
i'd love to hear him do an o i bet you
that would sound just as good
delivery
i'm not going to do callbacks this is
what i've i've i'm done oh that was
pretty good
that was i think eric hasn't said very
much on this one
why why i was here for the pleasantries
and then you guys you know i'm not i'm
not featured here it's all you guys i
will say that eric came in hot with
dates like we were talking about like
when macho man randy savage like
initially retreated from the public eye
and
eric was like the [__] like nwa was
was uh dis-incorporated on this exact
day and then he did like eric has like a
timeline of everything that's ever
happened to wrestling so he he was very
beneficial uh early on to the but that's
all pleasantries so i don't know if that
made it gavin
[Laughter]
[Applause]
this ad is brought to you by hellofresh
america's number one meal kit hellofresh
delivers pre-portioned ingredients to
your door including farm fresh produce
that arrives within a week so you get
convenience without skimping on quality
skip the trip to the grocery store
saving you weight in long lines and
ensuring you don't waste money on excess
food hellofresh has fit and wholesome
recipes for satisfying and nutritious
meals that you can feel good about with
six recipes per week to choose from
including low calorie and carb conscious
options i've talked about hella fresh
quite a bit i love it i think it's so
much fun you expand your cooking
knowledge regardless of what level
you're at the recipes are so easy to use
and to put together it doesn't take a
lot of time i recently made burgers and
although that's something that i'm
familiar with the dish as a whole
had different steps to it than i would
typically use so even for something that
you know i feel comfortable with i
learned something new and it was just
fun and it was delicious if you want to
take advantage of the offer we're giving
you go to hellofresh.com
face 16 and use code face 16 for up to
16 free meals and 3 free gifts that is
hellofresh.com face 16 and use code face
16 for up to 16 free meals and 3 free
gifts today's episode is sponsored by
honey the easy way to save when shopping
on your iphone or computer i personally
loved online shop it's my primary way of
shopping in any context but whenever i'm
shopping online i never have a promo
code ready to go thanks to honey though
manually searching for coupon codes is a
thing of the past honey is the free
shopping tool that scours the internet
for promo codes and applies the best one
it finds to your cart how it works is
imagine you're shopping on one of your
favorite sites when you check out the
honey button appears and all you have to
do is click apply coupons wait a few
seconds is honey searches for coupons
that can find for that site if honey
finds a working coupon you'll watch the
prices drop i use honey i've saved on
all sorts of things with it from video
games to food
it's a great service it's so easy to use
you save money i just i couldn't
recommend it more did you know honey
doesn't just work on desktop it works on
your iphone too just activate it on
safari on your phone and save on the go
if you don't already have honey you
could be straight up missing out and by
getting it you'll be doing yourself a
solid and supporting this show i never
recommend something i don't use get
honey for free at joinhoney.com
face that's join honey dot com slash
face when it comes to thinning hair you
no longer have to choose between natural
remedies and those that work there's a
holistic solution for men that promotes
both healthier hair and whole body
wellness without drugs or prescriptions
did you know that there are five root
causes of thinning hair neutrophil is
the hair supplement that goes beyond
genetics to target stress hormones
nutrition metabolism and environmental
factors that may be impacting your hair
neutral fall is clinically shown to
improve hair growth thickness and
visible scalp coverage without
compromise 21 potent natural ingredients
support sex drive better sleep and less
stress too in a clinical study men
showed progressive improvement in hair
growth and thickness after three and six
months neutral fall is also trusted and
recommended by more than fifteen hundred
top doctors
you can grow thicker healthier hair and
support our show by going to
nutrafall.com
and entering the promo code face to save
15 off your first month subscription
this is their best offer anywhere and
it's only available to us customers for
a limited time
plus free shipping on every order get 15
off at nutrifoal.com spelled n u t r a f
o l
dot com
promo code face
thank you
i've been disowned by every country
what i uh well
well i i meant this is going to be an
eric question we were so we played halo
a little bit a little bit ago three of
us
no jeff and and you and myself played
some people in a minute i haven't played
halo with you guys in weeks it's been
it's been some time it's listen it took
a while to put this together
but we're talking about if you let's say
that you were created you just you exist
and you had to pick a country to live in
based only on its flag
you don't know anything about it you
just all the only point of context you
have is the flag for the place what flag
would you pick
and then talk to we led into we're
making like conversation about joke
facts for different countries so i
emailed every country
what fact they would want
if they were gonna if they could share
one fact about their country
who's answering the country's inbox i
don't know i didn't get any replies
that's what i'm saying i've been
disowned by every country i emailed
every country asking if you could share
one fact about some countries don't nick
that's a great point he asked does every
country have an email address some
countries do not but every country that
did
i email
what do you mean what do you what do you
mean what do you email a country like
the
you like the government like you google
the country and typically there's like
an official
country tourism website that they've
made for their own place you're emailing
the tourist board uh yeah i'm emailing
the tourist board for the country does
that constitute you you could just email
like
steve i'm not [__] emailing
travelocity i'm emailing the the country
represented tourist website
have you seen nick's email address
united states of america at usa usa
usa.gov
a lot of places you don't know their
email address you just put in like a
contact form and you wonder why you got
no replies i i didn't i didn't get but i
feel like i'm being ghosted by every
country at the moment and i i don't feel
like i have one i feel like i'm a man
without country but we all answered that
question so i was gonna ask eric if he
was gonna pick a country based purely on
flag alone what country would he go with
okay
uh albania
albania yeah
albania i don't even know what albania's
flag looks like oh you should look it up
albania flag yeah you could just
probably type in the word albania i
don't two-headed bird what is this it is
i don't know if i like this
you don't know if you like these it's
weird that countries aren't getting back
to you man that's nuts no okay let me
the albania flag looks like somebody
that you wouldn't want to play a
multiplayer game with like in a shooter
like that can somebody lick the albanian
flag
[Laughter]
what a great question
oh that's uh
that's a you wouldn't want to live there
just
here's a no dude you can see what do you
mean you can see the birds have tongues
you can see their tongues however you
see a bird
that flag that flag looks like war
that's a that's an aggressive flag i
want to live here's my flag
kira body there's a seagull there's
[Music]
my birds have tongues two heads going
nuts you're crazy
you're bad your flag is a mythical beast
with a thousand
talents the person that represents your
flag is telling me to uninstall the game
because i don't have a high enough kd
like what i don't want to live in your
nation
it stinks jeff's flag is great he's the
if i'm in a game lobby with jeff's flag
he's playing music too loudly but it's
chill music so i'm okay with it he's not
doing all that great but he's island
vibes man i'm having a great time mon
i'm loving life is
curabass i think isn't it it's not the
one that was like right on the dateline
and it switched size at one point and
they lost
or they gained a day like something
weird happened with that little place
really
i don't know but i bet they were so
[__] chill and relaxed they didn't
notice
i think it was to do with like doing
business with australia or something
that kept me in the weekend on the wrong
day or i don't know i can't remember hey
can i tell you guys about a little side
story in the middle of this because it
just happened a little saga that's gone
on in my library while uh you guys are
talking about
the welsh flag by the way uh yeah but
link it up dude i missed the first half
of all of that because henry started
barking
i ran up to open the door for him
because i was recording the uh the other
podcast i do this morning the theme park
one and you know henry there's a strict
no uh there's a strict no squeezy toy
rule in all other podcasts like henry
it's like vin diesel saves his uh
muscles for vin diesel movies i save
henry's squeaks for face right
and so
we we have there's a i swear to god
there's a bit of a tension between henry
and i when i'm doing other podcasts
where he just kind of is annoyed with me
and so this morning while i was
recording with jack i had forgotten to
open the door and uh
it started to smell and i thought henry
farted and i turned around he took a
giant mega [__] right behind me this
morning on the rug and i was like ah
damn it i went and i cleaned it up and i
felt bad because it was my fault because
i left the door closed uh so so we could
go potty after breakfast and uh just
completely slipped my mind i'm a little
loopy today i apologize i'm on some cold
meds so uh
when you they start you guys start
having the albanian conversation henry
started barking and i went oh [__] he's
about to take another dump he's letting
me know
i ran over
and i opened the door to let him out but
i forgot the alarm has been on all day
so then the alarm started going off so
then i had to run around to the front
house and disable the alarm and then i
came back in and i slid into the middle
of it and i went that's an interesting
flag eric okay
nobody would have ever known but it's
too ridiculous not to tell you guys
anyway
uh i got it fast dude oh also uh
maybe you did hear it i don't know but
no anyway you didn't you didn't hear it
going uh back door open alarm alarm or
whatever she was saying i heard it
uh anyway gavin your flag
uh that's whales
that's whales
the dragon i thought your people didn't
like whales
uh
i don't think
i like whales i i always like i remember
we were even there visiting i was like
should we go to wales i want to go to
cardiff or whatever and you were like
there's no reason to go there it's
boring nobody likes wales i remember you
telling me you think that was ever on
the cards it was scotland or france that
we were going to go to no no i remember
this is the the 10 year ago vacation or
15 years ago at this point yeah no i i
was i remember it coming up because i'm
part welsh and i thought i wanted to go
see the homeland and you're like no you
don't
it's just guarding west
uh well i don't remember that
obviously well just
for the record
i'm pro whales so i like your flag
do you think eric had albania ready to
go or did he just google list of
countries in alphabetical order and
picked like one of the first ones i
think he googled angriest flag yeah i
had it ready i had it ready to go i
think albania's flag is cool as [__]
okay i think it's cool look at it it's
gavin's has one tongue yours has one
bird mine has two headed bird tongues
mine is like a tail tongue
that is true
is that better
did maybe you just maybe that might not
even be a tongue it might have just
eaten another dragon
[Laughter]
or he's just got a tongue coming out of
his ass think about it
i am
i don't i
i don't i genuinely don't like the
albania fleck
i'm not a fan of it
you're crazy i don't understand like
what do you want in a flag i don't want
to i don't know like i don't
i feel like
that flag
would be used to represent the villains
in like a from software game is like the
vibe i get it's a menacing flag
and where are those where are those
villains in that game and what's the
time frame well the like the wolfenstein
like type games like it's this the like
it feels very
military malicious what what is the word
i'm looking for
malicious
nonsense it's the word you're looking
maleficent is the trying thing
miller is trying to say
that i got there without nick
which he gave me the assist or he had
the right word but i got there yeah i
also said it but all right i didn't hear
you i'm sorry i wasn't i wasn't
listening all right that's okay uh
[Laughter]
another callback
um
well you're a flag i think your flag's a
bit on the nose isn't it
what do you mean who's flying canada
i never said i'd pick my flag you're not
a fan of your own flag no it's totally
fine i think i have a decent flag i
wouldn't i don't think i'd pick canada
based off of the flag alone
i think the usa flag is kind of a
problem
in what way well we've locked ourselves
in with those 50 stars it makes it hard
to add or subtract didn't always have 50
stars in it no it went from like it
didn't you're right but it's i mean if
you look at it it it's proportioned very
well i've often tried to look at that
flag and try to figure out how we would
stick a puerto rico star in there or
take one um or another country just
ditch a state now that that's an
interesting like we we dump arkansas but
pick up guam
i think you can only remove and not add
nobody likes dlc
it'd be a real problem because i try to
add on i'd be pissed if i had to buy a
whole new flag for one additional star
well they could add like dc as well as
you know as its own state
yeah that's a good point
that is a good point
should we eat this [__] candy that's
been on my desk for this
entire episode oh am i the only one that
did this did you not do this did you not
do the prep cap what do you mean did he
not do it of course he didn't do it the
only homework i wrote down was to turn
up for pleasantries
what was the other thing what did i need
to buy we were gonna eat everybody's
favorite candy and then we were gonna
pick the best candy and then i was
thinking that could be the official
candy face for the year and and you have
them too jeff of course i have i've had
them for weeks what do i need
well you need for jeff
you need starburst
you need mini starburst unwrapped flavor
reds
and you need
big chewy nerds
for andrew you need big chewy sour nerds
and then for gavin you need a kinder
bueno okay i got all that
um
i like that we open this with the
possibility of you this has been a bad
voice over performance for you these
last two yeah they continue
you wanna try another take buddy nobody
has uh i i kind of wish you reminded me
in the during the pleasantries and i
could have ordered something
i reminded you technically last night
when i asked what is everybody's candy
i need to do this why didn't you say
this that was in the slice chat
12 10 a.m today it's probably one of the
first messages you've seen what candy do
we need for tomorrow and which jeff
replied kinder bueno chewy nerds your
candy which wouldn't have been helpful
to you gavin so i'd understand if you
would have missed that one starburst
choose only the reds now
you seem to say a different product jeff
is it okay that i just have starburst
minis and i've i qualified like just the
reds is what you're saying i have a bag
of all of them so here's the deal i
wasn't aware i first started buying
these at hobby lobby when i was going to
buy christmas stuff and so i just
grabbed what i saw i i didn't really
look at the package too closely i didn't
realize that i was eating flavor reds
until the other day i bought a bag of
the regular starburst and it tasted like
doo doo and then i realized that uh i
had gotten the wrong thing so you can
achieve the same goal but you just can't
eat any of the yellow or orange
starburst out of there only pink red and
dark red well i i can eat them i just
i'm not evaluating as far as mine
they're not a part of this well they'll
they'll taint your they'll taint the
palette
here again i'm going to open one of
these things you want to pretend that
it's you i'll just make the sound ready
yeah
that was just me opening the i haven't
even opened west why are you slurping
chuck gavin drank the wrapper it sounded
like what are you doing
slurp the rapper
why would you do that
i have a lot of questions
i'm opening up my big chewy nerds i'm
opening up
all right well i mean this is invalid
because we don't have gavin well i feel
like he we didn't have andrew for the
cosmic chris i'll just do it later oh
that's fine that's fine that's a great
point that's a great point not a great
question but it was a great point i feel
like honestly andre i feel like i
haven't spoken to you in a while because
ever since i found out you lied to me
about halo i didn't i haven't texted you
about playing halo
[Laughter]
are those connected you're not wrong
it's been playing alone
oh that's sad that's lonely
oh these are weird these starburst minis
are weird
these are [__] weird just pink red
and pink red and dark red they just
don't look like i'd assume that they
would they would look like
this they're different than starburst
that's what's good about them they're
like a unique thing okay they're per
they're perfect size they're perfect to
chew i'm gonna get some of your sour i'm
gonna get four sowie nerds i'm gonna get
four regular nerds although i know what
mine tastes so do you you know roughly
like how big this bag is right yeah i
mean i assume it's the same size as mine
is 191 grams is that how big your bag is
uh mine is uh 99 grams
so mine's big mine's bigger than yours
don't brag about it
no i'm just that's gonna i think i could
eat all these at once oh i've already
eaten a bag of them today just while
we've been sitting here no i mean it's
at the same time like a one mouthful you
just please take the yellow
please take the yellow and no no no no
it's gonna ruin it i took out the reds
to review separately i'm just gonna try
this we're gonna just put so you're
starting off by eating everything that's
remaining
wrong eat the [__] i don't want you to
eat yeah it's gonna cleanse it's gonna
taste like [__] yeah that's what i'm
saying the orange and the yellow is
objectively bad it's going to ruin your
experience
do they bite well they bite no
yeah they do actually they're great to
chew
not the entire [__] bag you idiot
put four or five in your mouth and
choose like a charm
that's [__] guy
oh he's getting there these guys come
back up air
they do not have the texture you expect
them to yeah now how about you eat the
ones i asked you to i thought they'd be
chewy they aren't they're not chewy of
course no they're they're they're not
like gummy chewy i thought they'd be
gummy chewy what kind of chewy are they
they're still starbursty they're like 85
percent as chewy as star or like as
they're like a little bit softer and a
little bit more chewy than a starburst
but not by much
but it's nice and they're small so
they're like
they're like i would say one of these
things is maybe a quarter the size of
one starburst
i think these are better snacking candy
i'll give you that yeah i didn't if i
was in the mood for starburst i'd take
these over over the other time i will
never eat another starburst again
i will only have these mini starbursts
do not try to eat the whole bag at one
this is terrible i'm gonna try well i
don't know what my [__] tastes like i'm
gonna try your sour big chewy nerds
it's like all of my saliva is gummy
flavored right now
but they're not gummy in texture not
gummy in texture no just my entire mouth
tastes like oh this is not good i like
your big sour nerds they're not sour
they're way better
they're way better than the base nerds
i like the base chewy nerds better i
think big chewy nerds in the yellow
package but these are pretty good
if only we had a third person to make
rulings on things
oops
have you had these candies eric uh yeah
i don't i don't think i've had a kinder
bueno but i know what jeff's thing is i
like him why'd you say it like it was
filth because kinder bueno seems like a
non-american candy
but how does albania feel about the
kinder boy because there's a commercial
for kinder bueno i think where a guy's
riding his bicycle and i think it's
clear that it's not they're trying to
pass it off like
oh we filmed this here and it's not it's
a foreign commercial you can tell you
just look at it and be like this isn't
this isn't right yeah so i vote jeff's
candy is the winner
yeah there we go there's my there's the
pile of candy
that's a really [__] photo jeff i don't
know why that's what we've established
just the worst photo taker
i'm just happy that it's centered like i
don't understand what's going on with
that photo or where that photo came from
that's not the photo what do you mean
you just took it and posted it here's
the photo i took and posted i don't
understand why it came out differently
what are you talking about
those are separate images
i must have taken the other one without
even realizing it it took like a what
i'm putting my phone back in my pocket
phone
photo for sure all right i'm gonna try
this kindergarten oh it is sideways
you're right that is i'm putting the
phone back down yeah
that's incredible
and you just sent it without even
looking at it that could have been bad
i'm glad you're wearing pants
well i just like the most recent photo
because that's the one i thought i took
i wasn't really
this is nice
which one do you want
the kinder bueno it has like a it's a
really creamy chocolate and then the
wafer is really it's really uh light
it's a really light wafer
right here it's made by the same people
as the uh ferrero
people i think it's the same
don't they own nutella
that was weird to me to discover
roche company owns nutella because
nutella to me
doesn't at all fit the tone of that
company like for a roche is like a fancy
ass chocolate in my head
yeah you buy a thrill for like three
quid
feels like a kid's candy
like it feels like a child spread
i could have phrased that better but
like a schoolyard
i'm just gonna give up
describe what i think nutella tell us
that's the episode title a child's
spread
[Music]
all right so we'll
we'll our uh we'll need to get these
candies to gavin so he can be the final
determiner um i'm gonna go ahead and go
one to four i'm gonna go
uh mini starburst all the reds number
one kinder boy no close second
third uh the yellow bag of nerds
fourth andrews candy no offense i'd like
you to do it in the least tense order
no suspense involved
do you really care do you want me to go
back to do it the other way
all right coming into fourth place
i like it a lot it's my least favorite
of the bunch but i still thought it was
really good i'm still gonna eat it all
the time i'm still a fan i'm still a
stan don't get me wrong but you gotta
have a best and you gotta have the worst
of the bunch worst of the bunch for me
number four
sour big chewy nerds coming in just a
little bit edging out the sour big chewy
nerds it's gonna be the yellow bag of
nerds that's right in third place bronze
medal goes to big chewy nerds no sour
then it was a tight tight tight race
between silver and gold very tight race
the olympics has not seen a race this
tight in the years right but
coming in at number two runner-up in
case number one can't fulfill its duties
as the best candy in the world number
two kinder bueno
which leaves number
one mini starburst all the red
[Music]
what is what is the reverse of the sound
cream because that's what that was
that was equally we didn't that was
that's not needed
you got what you asked for i agree well
that's like the reverse of a salad cream
like you delivered but it was equally
once again i don't need the tux off to
the wedding nick and eric both liked it
thank you guys either was good too i'm a
fan
but it's just a reverse of sound cream
you mean you mean i did the opposite of
what you did with the salad cream well
thanks for that compliment i appreciate
it buddy i guess it is a compliment i
guess this is a weird way i didn't mean
it as one but i guess i did just
compliment you
i wasn't intended to be that is that the
first unintended
unenthusiastic compliment we've had in
face you can't take it back it was a
compliment it's a regulation compliment
it's on the books it's official honorary
regulation compliment eric eric is our
judge he said it schwartz nick said it
as well
congratulations to me what'd you even
call that like a side-handed compliment
a sidewise compliment yeah sideways
compliment fun fact about the sidewise
compliment
uh dusty baker invented it in like 1985.
interesting yeah that's a great fact
i like that this podcast started as a
baseball podcast about a baseball player
that we no longer ever talk about or
mentioned and that's what the show is
named after
on our list of baseball people
wait are you not doing your list of
candy who cares about my list i can't
top what jeff just did he reversed salad
creamed it
i can't do anything better than that
but i can't
goddamn it all right well if nobody else
is going to review the candy then i get
to declare mini starburst all the reds
well i want to hear andrew's [__] too
and then i need you to tie break it
gavin and then we may have to get nick
and eric involved well where did you
could you go through the list again and
where you ranked them because i don't
want it
a rank of four here's what we're gonna
do we're gonna assign a point value to
each one the first first place gets four
points third place second place gets two
or three
because you see what i'm saying yeah
yeah you've andrewed me all up all right
so four points right now
four points right now for mini starburst
flavor reds uh three points for a kinder
bueno we've got two points for the big
chewy nerds and then one point for the
sour big chickens so
i then we'll have
system only works if we anonymously
submit beforehand because i'm gonna put
four points on the sour nerds because i
just i want them in and that's fine
i'm putting one point on the starburst
because it currently has four
i'll just do the reverse of what jeff
has done you're a fool
why am i a fool
now see here's the problem i asked for
honest evaluations yeah handy and andrew
has gamified it well
no listen no be quiet for a second you
idiot you just said you wanted gavin to
be the tiebreaker stupid if i give four
to your number one then there's no tie
break we don't need the other number i
said he's there to be the tiebreaker if
we need it but i misheard that i
apologize that's on me that's just a
direct apology i didn't hear that part i
missed that part of what you said i
apologize number four
i would make if we're doing a genuine
review that was a regulation apology and
this is going to be a regulation review
in this moment i'm going to be honest
about my opinions of all of you in the
same scoring system i'm doing the same
scoring system
but i'm going to do it should no
no not that okay do i go lowest first do
i build to what my number one is number
number one one getting one point the
lowest
on this totem pole is to me
the standard nerds that was a great burp
that i threw in at the same time a
little extra for you on the side i'm
going with the gummy nerds number one
because there is a superior version of
it wait number four number one number
one one point getting one point at the
bottom number four no
no it's not number four number four no
okay we're getting these all mixed up
i'm giving you
no
it's coming in at number four but it's
getting one point
on the list okay one point coming in at
four with one point
is the ner the standard nerds the
regular yellow bag nerds the yellow bag
nerds
one point fourth place coming in at
third place is the starburst shoes i
just did not the biggest starburst fan i
don't really care for them but they're
good like for what they are they're good
i think that's the best version of
starburst they've innovated on a thing
that i didn't realize they could
innovate on i give them credit they get
two points in third place
in second place
with three points is the kinder bueno
they're good wow i'm never gonna look at
these but i'll never be sad that they're
there and number one because i picked it
it's like obviously a bias my favorite
personal candy is the sour nerds i'm
giving that four points
so that gives us a two a two place thai
a two two candy pie for first right now
right with the starburst having four
points for me and two for you that gives
them six and then my kinder bueno and
your kinder bueno both coming in with
three points each gives them six so
gavin will have to be the deciding
factor uh we'll have to get these
candies to him i wonder what she will
pick
oh his favorite candy or some other
candy well never tried the other ones he
hasn't tried him that's fair
and also
if if i think that the kinder bueno is
the second best candy and you think the
kinder bueno is the second best candy
and gavin truly thinks it's the best
candy then it is clearly the winner i
don't i feel like this is gonna
because i don't i can we all agree
outside of gavin the kinder bueno is not
the best candy
it's a very good candy but it's not the
best candy that's what he put up dude we
can only know what he gives i underst
this is what's gonna [__] happen
though what is that denzel washington
train movie
money train no
it's not that it's not the taking of
pelham one two three
what was the name of on unbreakable no
what was
what's the name of it bruce willis
no it's chris pine and denzel washington
and tony scott movie
i watched that movie on mute on a plane
once i didn't hear a single word to the
center but i watched unstoppable thanks
we have an unstoppable problem
with
this candy thing
nick said training day if you go on
let me pull it up
i think unstoppable has like a 90 on
rotten tomatoes but nobody thinks it's
great it's just universally like that
was a totally fine movie like it's solid
like it's solid nobody hates it has an
87 that is not an 87 percent
movie yeah can i just say if you are a
regulation listener or a comment leaver
or your regulation listener who would
like to become a comment leaver let us
know how you feel about unstoppable is
it your favorite train movie is it your
favorite movie is andrew wrong are there
hardcore
pine and washington train stands out
there we want to know what is my
favorite train movie
hmm i didn't like the taking of palm one
two three but i haven't seen the
original
one was not great was that no piercer
it's a good train movie the speed count
uh why would speed be a train movie yeah
because it ends on a train
yeah but it's not the point of the movie
is not the train what about the core
that's sort of a train that goes into
the earth that's an earth train that's a
great bad movie what was that gene
wilder
uh
train
oh yeah silver streak with uh gene
wilder is that a train move and richard
pryor
yeah that was a train movie although
that movie is from the 70s and it's a it
was an edgy comedy so it probably hasn't
held up well
in terms of being problematic
i remember the seed that you're
referring to
yes yes yes yes yes
also if you guys would look i noted i
posted a picture of the sour big chewy
nerds
i don't know if you guys noticed it but
doesn't it look like that nerd is taking
a is is [__] out a pink it does
like doesn't that seem like they should
have noticed they should have caught
that
bottom rung of a set of anal beads yeah
it really does seem like he's he's got
the last anal bead sticking out you you
think they would have caught that i
would argue i would argue that the the
big chewy one is even worse jeff
i ripped unfortunately where
if you could look oh big chewie oh on
the right it is right yes
it is like
shooting out of his ass like it is
halfway out it looks like he just took a
[__] and
the pink one please it's a hemorrhoid
he's got a hemorrhoid yeah let's get
this picture i can't see
and then eric's gonna lose his mind if
we don't stop talking so i'll add that
up uh i'll add this and we'll end it
also we should mention while i'm
uploading this uh tiki mugs are on sale
now unless they've already sold out eric
and i did a ton of videos and promo for
them the other day they had just the
nicest time together
uh there you go
oh it looks like a little uh he's
licking his lips he's so happy it's like
somebody pushed this thing back in
looks like a little great wait
are they nerds are we eating those
is this the yeah we're eating we're
eating nerd [__]
well
no that's not what i meant but that's
also terrible well what what did you
mean are we eating the physical nerds
you know how like when you have a prawn
there's a digestive tract that you can
remove from it like right
are we so are you
are you
like
that's like a cheap prawn still has the
[__] track down this million dollars but
you have to eat a bag of prawn colons
are they are they deep fried yeah i'll
eat them
wait no
no wait i've been eating deveined nerds
all day long
why isn't tempura used in more places
like why okay goodbye thank you and eric
thank you goodbye have a go tiki mugs
start outreachcheese.com goodbye we're
cutting all the pleasantries out no no
the pleasantries are in
oh no and also it's been well over an
hour he's got a point yeah no i do i
know
nobody
nobody said anything while someone was
opening something
i agree with gavin
also once again
why doesn't like mcdonald's do temp i
also for the record nope i hacked away
this morning i was hacking this morning
say goodbye jeff say goodbye i got three
more hot gigs jeff just say goodbye i
gotta go the hack still works i'm going
back to bed
i'm going back to bed all right good
night bye hey guys minor league fan jack
here with a look at next week's episode
of face episode 91 is spanky dandy we
still don't know the origins of jingle
jingle jingle gavin gets to the bottom
of illegal knobs someone stole the idea
of using witchcraft to fix football
gavin's razor blade slot is full and
once again andrew does not eat the
pencil all that and more on next week's
episode of face